Pham Hien, today I will destroy you.
I pay my respects to the King of the South.
The prefect invited him up.
Gia Quan is preparing to put these rebels in prison.
I wonder what Nam Vuong thinks.
Do you want to steal credit with me?
Oh, no, no.
But this guy killed some of my men with the Beg' Gang.
Can't tell others.
Is it not enough for me to say it to you?
Killing.
Pay off debt.
Okay, then I will follow you and take them there.
The lower official thanks the king of the southern town.
This is the report sir.
I am a royal person.
I am the room he plugged into the Beg cult.
If it weren't for me
They won't find these stinking beggars.
But these are all companies of Tran Nam Vuong.
He knows users well.
I thank the royal family for eight generations of ancestors.
I must find a chance to kill you.
He admitted it.
I am so stupid.
- Someone bring them to me.
Let's go.